[Music]
okay what was that one thing you simply
couldn't wait for when you were a kid my
bet would be growing up because
grown-ups always do exactly what they
want right well no in reality many
desires that adults have are dictated by
the stereotypes and false values of the
society we live in for example number
one am i worse than celebrities nowadays
psychologists have noticed an
interesting phenomenon which has to do
with imitating the lifestyle of the rich
and famous
in other words ordinary people try
really hard to live like those who don't
have to worry about money at all and as
you can guess it doesn't go well
obviously if you're from a small town
you probably won't have a Wardrobe full
of designer clothes and hop from plane
to plane traveling all around the world
but constantly looking at gorgeous
celebrities and their fancy lives on
social media causes us to make constant
comparisons I'm not gonna say that being
rich isn't fun but it does have its
advantages for sure but never forget
that you only get to see a pretty
picture and no one knows what's really
behind it celebrities are still just
humans and have different problems like
you me and everyone else
that's why comparing your life to the
life of those who seem to be more
successful is a direct way to feeling
disappointed in yourself and nothing
else
learning to appreciate what you have is
the most important thing that brings us
happiness number two social media craze
so when was the last time you checked
your social media yeah we all do it more
often than we should but some people
don't just want to see what others are
up to they also want to show what their
lives look like and of course from the
most flattering angle because nowadays a
lot of people tend to believe that the
more beautiful photos someone hosts the
more interesting their life is and
that's how you end up seeing awesome
looking pictures from that party
that was actually such a drag or a
picture of a happy couple eating out at
a fancy restaurant but in reality they
didn't enjoy the food or maybe the food
was amazingly delicious but they were so
busy taking pictures of it that they had
to eat it call they simply want to brag
about their lives to others and feel bad
if their posts don't get a lot of
positive feedback such people think that
capturing the moments with a camera is
more important than living in and
embracing that experience number three
tough parenthood I think you'd agree
with me that being a parent is the most
difficult job ever and it seems like it
just gets tougher and tougher since so
many people feel pressured to abandon
their own strategies in the parenting
game TV shows and magazine covers are
full of families with perfect kids who
never misbehave or cry but as we all
know perfection is just an illusion
still a lot of people constantly push
themselves to the limits when it comes
to parenting without realizing how
harmful it might be both for them and
their children such parents are so
worried about their kids all the time
they don't have enough time for
themselves they feel emotionally
exhausted on a daily basis and the truth
is that a miserable parent probably
can't raise a happy kid as for children
having overprotective parents is far
from easy kids need the chance to be
independent and find out what they
really want in life
number four is your profession good
enough finding your vocation is truly
important yeah I said vocation not
vacation guys having a job that's
fulfilling and important in your eyes is
one of the biggest sources of happiness
but for some reason many people divide
jobs into good and well less good being
a banker seems like a very respectable
profession in our society but what's the
point of it if it doesn't bring you joy
maybe that person would be much happier
if they worked as a hairdresser or a
barista still some people believe that
jobs that don't necessarily require
a college degree are less reputable but
having a college degree isn't a straight
way to success some people go to college
when they're too young to figure out
what they really want to do in life
later some of them will simply change
their work path choosing completely
different professions and that's totally
okay because your job is to find a job
that you fully enjoy without worrying if
your parents or friends will think it's
good enough number five bring me my
first million okay here's a question for
you what would you do if you had a
million let me know down in the comments
being rich is definitely fun but in
reality people have to work really hard
and long to achieve it for some reason
though our society promotes the idea of
easy success that doesn't involve tough
work and comes pretty quickly people who
support it aren't usually willing to
climb the career ladder slowly and
steadily they want it all right away but
unfortunately life isn't a fairy tale
where you get everything you desire
overnight to become a real professional
a person has to learn their work field
in depth and dedicate a lot of time to
building their work reputation still
some people keep challenging jobs hoping
to find one where money and success will
simply fall into their hands without
much effort number six a person can't be
happy without a nice apartment a new car
and the latest version of cell phone
let's be honest buy new stuff feels nice
it's just the way our brain is wired it
releases dopamine the hormone that makes
us feel happy not only after we've spent
money on something but even before it
simply anticipating the purchase put you
in a good mood ever been in a situation
where you came to the mall just for one
thing but ended up with a few extras
yeah definitely sounds familiar to me
so what's so bad about treating yourself
to the new good stuff you might ask well
the short answer is absolutely nothing
now
wrong and doing things that give you
pleasure unless it breaks your bank
account what's the point in buying the
latest version of cell phone if you have
to take a loan for it or in getting a
new car that you keep in your garage
since its maintenance is too expensive
but some people feel that they simply
have to get those things just because
everyone else does what's more
consumerism this insatiable hunger for
buying things has clouded the minds of a
lot of people and they don't have any
other source of happiness they've
forgotten how to enjoy something that
doesn't cost a dime like walking in the
park to admire nature or playing with a
pet number seven natural makeup that
takes two hours we all want to look our
best right that's one of the reasons why
people use makeup thankfully the makeup
fashion has changed a lot promoting a
more natural style but still it expects
everyone to look flawless which means
that they still have to spend a lot of
time in front of the mirror because that
natural look ironically requires a lot
of effort many people fall for the idea
that being beautiful means being aware
of the latest trends and being able to
apply makeup at the level of a
professional makeup artist but is it
really others who are able to look
beyond this trend learn to feel
confident about their actual natural
beauty and save time and money not using
makeup products number eight what's your
next destination that's the question I
hear more and more often these days
where are you gonna spend your vacation
are you going out of town for the next
weekend and so on and so forth people
feel awkward telling others that they
didn't plan any fantastic trip somehow
traveling has become the new big thing
as if everyone should be obsessed with
the desire to see the world don't get me
wrong I think traveling is a great way
to explore the world
but there are also people who don't like
leaving their home or think it's not the
best way to invest money they're pretty
comfortable without changing their
location and scenery but with this new
trend for travelling some of them feel
as if they're missing out if they don't
travel a lot and others take an active
part in a silent competition who has
visited more countries which ever you
are the important thing is that you're
happy where you're at number 9 it's all
about your comfort modern society keeps
promoting the idea that a person should
do everything possible to fulfill all
their desires and goals seems pretty
harmless right but in reality quite
often it means not paying attention to
the needs of others because everyone's
fighting for their own comfort well this
philosophy does make sense in some way
since we only have ourselves to count on
it seems alarming that so many people
refuse to spend their precious time on
helping others it feels as if a new
trend is taken over a trend for
indifference but in so many situations
giving a helping hand to someone who
needs it isn't difficult at all so hey
why not do it my bottom line strive to
be a people not a sheeple don't worry
about trent's and being like everyone
else there's no one else like you on the
planet so polish you make you bright and
shiny because you can only be a second
best someone else so what usually helps
you make a decision let me know down in
the comments if you learned something
new today then give this video a like
and share it with a friend
but hey don't go keeping up with the
Joneses just yet we have over two
thousand cool videos for you to check
out all you have to do is pick the left
or right video click on it and enjoy
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]